{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh9380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Module #7:  Errors in code\
\
\
\
Issues:  At first it was to structure the page similar to the Grumpy cat page.  Setting up the code in a clean format with the prompts lining up.\
\
<div>  and follow up </div> on same line (opening and closing the section)\
\
also, page structure in the right pieces of the code in order.\
\
Also deleting error message information from the site.\
\
Once structure was straightened out, needed to repair functionality of areas on website.  Grow vs Shrink, color changing, etc.  \
\
focused on js (javaScript?) being correct in its code\
\
Do I need the \'93green\'94 text in the code that describes what is happening?  I don\'92t imagine so.  I think it is for guidance.\
\
Do the prompts (instructions) need to be in order?  I would think that as long as they are included, that is all that matters.  Order shouldn\'92t in this context.\
\
There were small issues.  \'93Green\'94 being set up as Orange, missing \'93\'94.  But all that was identifiable. \
\
Once js is similar, I believe the code to be corrected:  Website still does not function as intended.  Going to revisit original code for errors in functionality.  Nope.  That is just for style.  The issue must either be in js or in the 2 communicating.\
\
After 2 hours, I have the structure matching, the code in js matches and css matched from the beginning,  I am at a loss as to how to make the site function, but I am thinking of solutions.   First was that the file I am using is not connecting, but I don\'92t think that is it.  (or is it!?)\
\
Googled other projects.  Confused.  Taking a break at 2 1/2 hours.  But not defeated.\
\
\
\
Revisited after thinking about it.  Changed name of linked JS file.  Renamed.  Page works!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}